με *zm-1³ ocnws »mn-2

10abstutefisssm'emnpostqssautefota&wastinamapponitofflelun'nfrasfflae
ptumcst.Appon1‘toafitdonecdixeritmone&amplfiesstuterorfioscfflum&
fiqufdemexulceratafuerit,&pustu1aeinpurgationeffien'nfflsummalabiault
’ ceraxafimnaamsum&adipffanserinfi‚inrosaceooleoterito,etx'nlanainu01a
nito.&acce'ptacarnebubula,magnopedisdigitocrai'siore‚sexdigitorixlongis
tudine‚1'psa1npharmacoissinito‚etlanaexceptiinuoluitosstadextremiicamis
pmffquaeforasspefmtfi'lum‘alligato,&reliqu÷'1i11uterosinditmubiestnlcus,
Menfiumpurgatoria. Sinonprocedatmffffiuapurgatimcucumerisfylt·
ueffiisx‘ntemfipartemp6deretn‘umobolorum,&artem1'fiamherbam‚&thut
n'sobolum‚ten'to&ammixtomelleinlanainuoluim,&adosuterx'app011ito,q
quinquiesindiehocfaciens‘ Aliud« Vitemuirideterito;&messeammixto
lanaexcipito&eodemodoappom‘m, Aliud· Cupressifruftsx,&cucumcs
n'ssyluestn'sinternffpartem‚&thus‚tefito&meneammixtolanaexcipito&
eodemodosubdito, Aliud. Cupressxtfruftfi&thusterito,&messcammis
xtolanaexcipitoficsubditm Aliud. Abrotoniobolostres‚c[1me11ela11a
excipeacsubde. Aliud‘ Elaterfjobo1fi,&myrrhaeob01umtm'to,&cimel
{clanaeinuoluitoflcsubditm Purgatorffisimuh'ernonc6c1‘p1‘at. Tauri
urinamcolligetn'umheminarfimensuraDeindeartemifieiherham7autparthe
nium‚autad112nts1,&laurfxuiridemfflcedriramentafimuIcontundeDeinde
ineffoffascrobecarbonesaccssde,&impofitaollaurinfimuriinfundesscontu
sainmortarioadiss'ce.posteasellamcircfipone,&artemifia1nherbam,authyffo
pfi,autoriganfi1'mpone‚&mulieresuperhaecc011ocata‚donecsudetfoue.Vbi
uerosudanglauacumcalida,etin1auacrfimanififi&laurumimmittheinde
subdititisx medicamentiadhibe.Autarte1nifi÷},authulbffi irt uino-albo m'tfila
naeinuolutfisubdatHaecadtresdiesfadat,&de1ndecfiuirodormsat. Sub
diunfipharmacumadconceptfifacsen& Exnitro&thure‚cs1melleglande1n
formato‚&appon1'to, Aliudpurgatorifimoffiens'· Caricamcoquitodonec
granulaabfj‘ciass& hanc expressam leuissimetritam 1'n lana εὖ rosaceo ungu&
toapponat. Ahudam‘usff Brassicaessutaefparesportionestereacutereeoa
demmodo‘ Aliudmosse&purgatorffi0 Medussamansefis,autbouis,aut
cerui‚magn1'tud1'nefabazaffustxungufftorosaceoetla&emuhebdte1ito‚uelut
mossepharmacumterisoletDeindeexhocosuterifflim‘to. Aliudtepidum
purgaton‘um Anserismedullammagnitudi11enucis2refinaeImtifsimaeaut
oercbfintffinaemagnitudinemnucisHaecinunguentorossceoadl'entfi ignem
liquefacito,&ue}utceratumfacito.etdeindeexhoctepidoosutcrisslinitosst
pecftinemmadefacito. ¹ Aliuddetrahenspurgationemetfi'stens'. Paeom'ae
grananigraautrubra,tn'aautqugtuorfnuinotritahibendadatossiueromaa
gisdetrahercuoles‚grananigraeodemmodonitabibmdapraebetd. Aliud
purgansacdetrahens. Lauribaccasadffimmumuiginti,etsesehsdimsdium
acetabulum,cumuinot‘rit'abibat. Aliud* Taurifelmum dimidiorumoa
bolorsxAtticorGpondcre31'nuinoieiunaebibe'ndumdatoAEtdformaraququ'
exipst>catapotiadeuorandadat0. Aliud. Farinamrccentemmyrrhaeoboe
lostres2cr0ciiantu11dem,castorijoboli,Haeccumunguentorosziceotritaeapt
ponat. Ajfudpurgatorifie Semeurticae,etma1t1aesuccs1,cfi adipeansen'no
mmmmm& Μυός Sinsspurg‘atafuexitexpartufflorisfarmaequantum
*0 ε ⁵ ⁷ tribus

 

