, mamc'rvnw ’ s 513
depascitur‚&mu1tocitiusexcidet‚&h1ultograciliore'scircfifitaepar‘te's ἐτῗιτξζῑ , ’·
· fi-‘qm’sexolutislinteis,aliquidmedicametorfi purgatorioxfisuper ulcu'sff'mpoa
nat.Quinetfiexcideritidvquod'suppurassegetcitiuscarnerepk'turss'tcitiusaffi
cicatricffiperuenitfqfiffloau'taliomo'docureanmniasaffin‘hocfitd‘sunssut'
quis-haecrefte&moderatedeligaresciathfifen‘itinlsuper&figuraequaleseffe'
oporten&reliquauic⁶tusratio,&linteorszaptitudozssi-uelroinre'ffsuulneratis
ἆεείρίατίε,ο[είῖιόίῑεείῖυιηηδἕοτερυεαηεᾞῑιτεωεηεκρεθωῑίοίῐέἑΉειὲιῃετΓιῐ
raeffe,modfi curationis timerenssoportet. .¹1‘hfl*en1mvmagnni2.ma11'configeriu
fi‘modobonasacinnoxiasdeligationesamanufacerenouerisssssignumafithoc
est,fi·0ss1's1disceffusinhoccurationismodofficurusest.Pusssem‘m‘ multfifim't
exsulare& gliscerent turgereaffefta pars uidetur.Frequentiusigit'ur'deligare
oportet,0bnimi}humiditataetquddah'dsetiafebresfitia-Etfiqm‘deualdepre
mantnt&deligan‘one&ulcus,&c1frcfifitaepartes·gracsses fiu11t;·QuicfiqJ1'taq3
ualdetenuffiossx'um discessus fiunsshinullamagnamutationeopus h'absstmifi
utlaess'us deligatiovfiassutne pus intercipiatur, sedfacsse·efflu·erepossit·. Sed&
frequsstiusdeligareoporte'ssdonecosdiscesserit,&ferulasn6apponemQxia
busuero maioris ossis discessus expeftatunfiuehocQprincipioprqnouerisffia
ue etie‘ipostea cognoueriS,116ampIius*eadffcurationeopus habetfiedextfftioffl
nes&direffionesitafacereoportessuelutdi&s1est:sp1e1flaueroduph’catffilatia
tudinequidf’. dimidio palmo ηδ ωίηοτωᾳῑιειίεῐ tamenfuen't nulum, iuxta hoc'
(Siefturafaciendaestzffigitudineuero pauloquidffireuiorassputbiscircfisau
ciatficorpus circiiduci possint, multo uero lfigiora'q‘ut semel. Copia uero-tot
fint‚quotfacerechucit.Haecinuinonigroaustero madefaikassxmedioinitio

facto circfi'uolue're' oportet,quemadmodf1fascia e'x duobus initijsdeligaturt&
deindeasciatimalternationeipsorfifam,initiadimittere.1Haec&super1'psum‘
ulcus adhibedasung& abutraq3 ulceris parm& ne-c6pr1'mant'ur3sedsaltff fula

ciendi'ulce'risgratiaincumbannSupraipsumueroulcus'‚ceratfip1'c'atumimpo
nereoportet‚autaliquodex emplastn's cru‘e'tis uulneribus ddfinat'iffi autaliud
quoddamedicame'ntfiquodffimifiareacidonefifithume'cffationiadhibendam
&fiquidffaestatistffpu'sfuerit,u1'nomadefacerespleniafrequffte'roportetssiud
rohyems,lanas succidasmultas uino& oleoimbutas adhibeto, Oportetautk' A
capraepell&substernere‚&defluxione's obstmare‚utfacile effluereposs1‘1'1t2.1‘t2
utfm'eminen‘musqphilociinijsdssfiguris-multotEporepermansstes,.1'ntertrigi3
nescuratudiffidlesfacifit‚Q1iuerodeligatio'nesanariperaliqu‘e'c'xr'e'latis,autf
referffdis modis 116 poffu11t'ssosmagnfihuc'c'ur5 adhiberecssueniss utfr'astam
eorporispart&commodepofitfihabeantsecundfireffitudi11em2'animzidu'erfiofi'
neadhochabitamtsurfixmmagis&deorsumue'rgatssiuero quis beneacfaciffj
[copusperficereuelit‚0pe'raeprec'1'[1estetiiimachinamsstafacere,quo-1'ustmn8(
116uiolentfiextenfio115,par's corporisfraftahabeat} Maximeuerol'n tibiamassss
chinamfitaadhibere'cxpedit'.8untigituraliquiquiin'drfim'bustibiaefrafturss,
&quaedehgfitur,&quae116deligantur3pe'dffsummumadlefft'fialligant,autad÷
aliudquodd5lignfiiuxtalestfidefossumfflitaopomniamalafaciun'tynihssauer
tembonssNeoffenimulla‘opemaffertextenfion1'‚haecpedi·salligatioNihssoea* ,Ἴ
nimminusadped‘e‘concedetreliquumcor'pus,atq3s1'cxicSzimpliusexte‘nditqn
*nec'p-rursusadteftitudinffquicquiprodelffi,sedetiffobesgffDumcnim uertitur}

' .. ι’ sseh'quuni

 

