tm Ᾰῑηεῑητκῐ πιτῇ ⁷ ³431

ἕαῃξᾶὴυωεὼῆζαεὼοῑεαᾶῡρ pmmmfflffiflfflQmeffimffl ὲ

-·mmouentissmauero’fistuasspmsylueiffisshybelffifflmm,alaim
*acpmgaiitCmdiuemfistunss ² -Nhladidcissaegrecficoquunnmffidm,
·Y6&matura‚minus.Cydoniaadffflngungffiss'mouentalummSucciautem
maiommsuomitussistunt5&m’in5cie-ntxtante-uomitfiodoresipsmmidem
praestanxi Maiaesyiuestriaaiumnfistuntcofflcomefoemagssaimmffiffl. ’
Vemm ad respirationffqiiaeerestaceruicefit,&succiipsomm &ipsa quod&
*hamhprosunnv SoibaMaespfflffloma,&quaemspaljahuiusgenmg
pomaffiluumsistuntherbasunt. Malipunicidulcisfficcusalufimoueoe
h‘abetauteqmdaestuosumz3 Maiapunicai'iinosaminusaestuofiisunnAcidae
u'eromagisfiigefiaciotiaNudeiauremomnifialutmifistimt. Ὀιιςιιιῃαεςἰ
πᾶὶςῌὲῐᾰίίυηῑὸίπςτεεοηωᾶίὶεειΜαωείαυτεηιδῳφοηεε,ιῃίηὲυηωιέ
&peraiuumsecedunn uerum flamofismit.. . Botriuuarfi caidisummus,
⁴fiii'ds-acaluummouerit,mai'iinealbi.Dulcesquidffigiturcalfacisitfonstmprm
ptereaquodmulmmiamcaliditatis-habendmmaiuraeuereminusbafficiunu
m'agisautempu'rgantpotati. Ficus‘&uuaepaffaeaeihiosae.sunt,feda1uum
mouent. Ficusuiridishumeetat&aiuflmouet,accaifaciahumec⁰tat‚quiae
succepienaestCaifacmpropaersuccumziddem,aiufin10uet,proptersucciduk
c'orem. Primaeficuspessimaesunt,quiasuccidentissimae.opn‘meaitsuntpo
'stremaeficusaridaeaestuosaesuntgsedaluosecedunt. Amygdalaeaestuosae
funssuemmprobknutriunt.Aestuosaequidemsuntpropterpinguitudinssm
'aiunt autem propter camofitatz. Nuces‘rotundae similes his [1112anae
2u'eromaturaeprobealunt,&aluum-mou{{4-Depurataeueroetiamflammindw
tunt.Tunicaeuemipsarumaluumsistunt. - ‹Acyiiiiicisglandes,&quercia
naeacfagnzneaegladessslufisistuntcrudaeffiffitaessociaeuerominus, Pin
guescarnesaestuosaesunsssedaluummouent. Carnesconditaeacafferuatae
mninoquidem{iscam&alunt‚&siccantquidempropteruinum‚aiuntautem ,
proptercarnemJnsaceto autem 'afferuatae calfaciuntqui‘dssuerum minus proz⁴

·pteracemm,multumautssnutn‘unffltuerosaleseruataeminusqui'demalung
humiditatepersalempriuatae,attenuantautfi&ficcannacsufficienteralufimo
nent. Caeterumuircssingulorfidetrahere‚&addereacaugere‚hocmodo
importet. Exig12e&aquaomniacssffituuntur,&an1mafia,&tmanascena,
{inffexhisaugescuntfflinhaecseceinunturacresolufitur. Fortiumquis' η
demigitureduliorumuimsaepecoqucndoacfiigefaciendodetrahereoportet3
·etuiceuersataugcre.Huinidorfiautemtorridoacaffindohumiditatffeximerc.
Siccorumuererigfflioacmadefaciendo.Salsorfirigando&coquendaAmai¹
·ror[1'&acriumdulcit}mixtura.Acerborfipinguifitemperamffto.&dere}iquis
'omnibusexpraedifftisiudiciumfaceieoportet. Qiaecficptostaautaffata
-sunssdufimaffls sistit ᾧ emdaffiptcrearqudd humiditas itss'q3 pinguitudo per
ign&ablatasuanufiitaqinuentriinciderimt,hum1'ditztt{ei<uentretrahunt,⁴
&oscuiauenarficoncluduntsiccant'cpaccalfacifit‚quaretrisitushumiditatisi}
,stssntr y ,Quaeueroexinaquofisacsx'ccis&aestuosislocisuenffitssaomniafioe
doraaccalidiorasunssffioburampliuscorporeexhibffssproptereaquodpari
‘moleaccopiagrauiorasunt&denfiora‚&maior5redditfinibufissQquqexhu
midisetriguisacfrigidisfiaeceifihiuiiidiorstsuntetleuioraacfiigidioraeNfi
ia μ igitur

 

