-¹:a'·n·z-‘1’1>'·01ctn2x2¹rm* ·:= 1 . ,
{Zosufflffi 1'Gmuuffionz'sbluitfebrissupemenf‘e'samta3qz‘1'ae'prit21smssssj1, j
-fi111‚81·uerbfi1itprius‚iammambaaprodest&urinaetranfitusuitrispeciff-rc
‘sete-'55copiosus3&'{luifluxus‚&somni.'AtrepfftinastssuulfioncssoluitfcbriS‚
, aluffluxus. Intc'iuulfioxssibusuocisinterceptiodiuduranffimalaedhparua¹ «
autmautlinguaefiderationem22utbrach1'3‘‚autdexmrquam'umfignffigau ² f
soluimrautanurinismultisaceruatisderepenteprodeuntibus,Sudoresautes ’
paulatim fientes prosunnAceruatiuer001tem'cpsanguinisdenaffionesaccrqa⁴
tael'aedunt. Indistentionibus&ante&retrofientibus‚&1'n·ter“sonim
tingentibusfimaedllaesoluanmrlethareesh Lethaleestenfam adareimdiae '
stennoneindorsumfiente,&c0rpusdflfolui,&incudemaffeffione-reuomerz-
pernareffiautdamarffiautnugarf‚fiabinit1'0-uoxinterceptafin'tfh]posternae&
nimdiemmortemfignificat. Febrffesindorsumdistumonesffiursnae genia
zuraefimssessoluunt. An'ginaequaeneq&111<c01104ne05fnffiudbuaqufcquae
conspicuumfacsunt,uerumsustbcationffuehementemacspiffldi difficoltatem
inducunneademdie&tert1'aoccidfit;Q1aeuerortum0res&ruboremffincofio
accipiunt,1'n caeteris quidem confimssesihnt,uerfxdiutumiofes‘ssQuibuscunq -
uero&fauces3&berniz&pestusffimulrubu·erint,d1'utumiorcssunt‚&ex1'ps' ·
fis maximestruantunfinon recurma'ntruboreffi Siuero dissipentun. neem-11⁵ ¹
bercu10forasc0nuersoaccosseeio,neq} pureleniteracfine dolore εκίετεειῑο,ς
nquindiebusiudicatoriis,perniciosaesun'tNu'mtetiamsuppuratifiunt< Secu A
rissimumautftcstruboremffihsteffus&maximeforasuertssEryfipelasue‘ro
forisquidemaccedereffcssmodumestjamautemc021uertijethale‚C6uertitur·
autemintro,undisparenteruhorepestusgrauatur2&difficssemspirationem ,
ῙιεὼεῑιίὶυῶηειιετοεηςίιιεεαᾶριιΙιηοηὲιιωηηῑιιΥ,ραηίπι.ίη[ερῑὲἀίώυερεε
refit2part1‘m'euadentessuppuratifiunssfinfieduftiopsmitofiaesursumipsisfi'a'a
’ Quibus perpulsationis uenarumuehemm'tfflstercusderepente peralusz.
seceditdethaleest. [nanginissputagraciliumfilbarida,malum. Angit
nofiinlingtds-tumore32citra-fignadisparentc5‚pernidofit&doloresdisparen
¹tescitramam'festar'n citussmfflernicsofisunt'„ [nanginisquinssbreux'cfi'cos s
c⁰taexspuunt‚pern1'ciofehabent,· Inanginadoloresadcapuncfn‘anotafficii' .
febre,pernic1'ofi. ⁴Inanginadoloresadcrurassitranotas5cumn*febre·,pern1'2z-
(iofi. j Exanginiscitraindication?praecordijdolorssumimpotentiaactors
pore'fiensmcciditocctdte,et1'amfiualdemansuete'sehabere putent· . Em
ginofis..c1''tranotasattenuatiffidoloradpefiffis'ffldaluum progressus concita
im,quegererefacitaffisaut51eiusquiexolt1iturtaleest. 'hanginisomniz ·
perniciosasunssquae‘nonmanifestfidolorfffaciuntfiedffid'cruradolores'dssu, ,
¹turniprocedunt&d'iffi'cult'ersuppurssitun Exa11ginasputauiscoss‚craffi‚
ualdealba,quaeu1'olentereducuntunmalasunt.Etomniseiusmodimaturatio,
mala. Purgatiomultadeorsum2tal'es leufsvfiderationismodo perimit. Ν, Ex
angin1a2subar1'dafrequentiasputa‚cfimssfflaten‘sdoloreminducfftiafflerni'cios
sazitem'qJeaquaeinterpotandumpertussim'subemergfitz&·deglut1‘tiouiolene
amala. PleursspicgqtgiQprindpios utaQsMenitusumlffltaesunn
pertiadiemo‘fififitfimuq uinm‚QQ{QE3L{gffQaQnultomdiffsffi
*tsszsepfflszffifiQsuppurariinQnss ‘OEffltffiu
fremmbon&fimssiter·ue1utip1eunfticicajescsm‘tss&aluus-bistoneacgraueoknre'ss
⁶ · tibus Ξ

 

